h2. ABOUT:

Contact::Rails helps you to import a list of Google, Yahoo Windows Live contacts through delegated authentication. The plugin adds actions for each service (import_google_contacts fe) that take care of redirecting your users to their accounts for login purpose and then to a template called 'import' with the contacts list as @contacts.

Contact::Rails is built in front of a contacts gem fork created by Hugo Barauna, with some enhancements.

h2. REQUIREMENTS

zlib
crack
hpricot

h2. INSTALLATION:

<pre><code>script/plugin install git://github.com/dcrec1/contacts_rails.git</code></pre>

h2. USAGE:

<pre><code>class HomeController < ApplicationController do
  include Contacts::Imports
end</code></pre>

Then configure config/contacts.yml. You can find a demo file in vendor/plugins/contacts_rails/lib/contacts.yml.

Now you are ready to define routes like these:

<pre><code>map.import_google '/home/import/google',   :controller => "home", :action => 'import_google_contacts'
map.import_live   '/home/import/live',     :controller => "home", :action => 'import_live_contacts'
map.import_yahoo  '/home/import/yahoo',    :controller => "home", :action => 'import_yahoo_contacts'
map.import_cvs    '/home/import/cvs',      :controller => "home", :action => 'import_cvs_contacts'</code></pre>

Don't forget now to create the 'import' template.

h2. LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
